11.0.0 updates (#2783)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/dotnet/crud/filter.txt

.. _dotnet-filter-results:
.. _dotnet-client-query-engine:

=======================================
Query, Filter, and Sort Data - .NET SDK

> =======================================

Reviewer: I am not sure why, but in the staging only the title has changed, but I can't see the rest of the changes.

   ``StringComparison.Ordinal``. For the ``Like()`` method, the second 
   parameter is a boolean value (where "true" means "case sensitive").

.. _dotnet-linq-fts:

Full Text Search
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> You can use LINQ to query on properties that have Full Text Search (FTS) on 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use LINQ to query on properties that have Full Text Search (FTS) index on 
```

them. To query these properties, use
:dotnet-sdk:`QueryMethods.FullTextSearch 
<reference/Realms.QueryMethods.html#Realms_QueryMethods_FullTextSearch_System_String_System_String_>`.
The following example queries the ``Person.Biography`` field for "scientist":

> .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/dotnet/Indexing.snippet.linq-query-fts.cs

Reviewer: Let's use "scientist" both in the description and in the query (lowercase s)

         - ``Intersect``
         - ``Except``

.. _dotnet-realm-query-language:

Query with Realm Query Language
-------------------------------

You can also use the :ref:`Realm Query Language <realm-query-language>` (RQL) 
to query realms. RQL is a string-based query language used to access the query 
engine. When using RQL, you use the 
:dotnet-sdk:`Filter() <reference/Realms.CollectionExtensions.html?q=Filter>`
method: 

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/dotnet/QueryEngineExamples.snippet.rql.cs
    :language: csharp

.. important::

   Because :ref:`LINQ <dotnet-linq-syntax>` provides compile-time error checking 
   of queries, you should use it instead of RQL in most cases. If your requirements 

>    extend beyond LINQ's current capabilities, such as using 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   If you require features beyond LINQ's current capabilities, such as aggregation, use RQL.
```

         - ``Intersect``
         - ``Except``

.. _dotnet-full-text-querying:

.. _dotnet-realm-query-language:

Query with Realm Query Language
-------------------------------

You can also use the :ref:`Realm Query Language <realm-query-language>` (RQL) 
to query realms. RQL is a string-based query language used to access the query 
engine. When using RQL, you use the 
:dotnet-sdk:`Filter() <reference/Realms.CollectionExtensions.html?q=Filter>`
method: 

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/dotnet/QueryEngineExamples.snippet.rql.cs
    :language: csharp

.. important::

>    You should use :ref:`.NET LINQ syntax <dotnet-linq-syntax>` for queries,

Author: Because RQL is so much harder... ;-)

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/dotnet/QueryEngineExamples.snippet.aggregate.cs
  :language: csharp

.. _dotnet-rql-fts:

Full Text Search
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can use RQL to query on properties that have Full Text Search (FTS) on 
them. To query these properties, use the ``TEXT`` operator. The following example 
queries the ``Person.Biography`` field for the string "scientist":

> .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/dotnet/Indexing.snippet.rql-query-fts.cs

Reviewer: Same comment as up
